It is a modern, smart and focussed virtual environment to help learners and students. Please visit http://www.icts-learninganalytics.com for more information.
No, this is a short term training programme. It is a part time certification program for 3 months with 50 hours/credits in Business Analytics.
Yes, certification is given by ICTS Pvt. Ltd. and course content has been designed by professors from premium academic institutions and experienced technological leads.
Some hands on training will be available. However most of the classes will be discussion oriented and case study driven. 
It is an online program that mimics classroom teaching using direct recording from classroom with an all time online support. It is a highly engaging program that bridges the gap between the classroom and online tutorials. Moreover live discussion sessions are available every weekend.
This is a training programme for already working executives and students from engineering, science and management disciplines. Therefore, we do not provide placements.
No. We do not have any tie-ups with banking or financial services organisations.
Yes, a lot of study material will be provided to all participation. You would be expected to go through the material for developing in-depth competencies in the domains.
Faculty members having experience in teaching at IIT and IIM  will deliver over 90% of the lectures. Some lectures may be provided by Industry Speakers and Subject Matter Experts. 
There is no credit equivalence of this training programme. This is a management development programme and so credit transfer is not possible.
Candidate should be at least a high school graduate having interest in mathematics and english as this course prunes the analytical skills of the candidate.
Candidate has to pass an online test in order to get selected for the program. Since number of seats are limited, we check the academic and work experience background to identify candidates and also majorly the score in the online test given by the candidate.
Normally we prefer a batch size of 40-45 participants. However we do not intend to fill up the complete batch if we do not get the right candidates for the programme. 
We provide support for live projects that candidate can present in conferences and research journals.
You must own a mobile handsets and preferably a laptop. The course contents is also available on both android and web platform.
This is a one of its kind course on business analytics that provides excellent offline support. Moreover there is a track record of excellent placement of our previous students.
This is a one of its kind course on business analytics that provides excellent offline support. Moreover there is a track record of excellent placement of our previous students.
LMS should be used for business analytics as it is easy to understand and a step by step procedure is given.
It is a modern, smart and focussed virtual environment to help learners and students. Please visit http://www.icts-learninganalytics.com for more information.
Certification is given by ICTS Pvt. Ltd. and course content has been designed by professors from premium academic institutions and experienced technological leads.
It is an online program that mimics classroom teaching using direct recording from classroom with an all time online support. It is a highly engaging program that bridges the gap between the classroom and online tutorials. Moreover live discussion sessions are available every weekend.
Courses on business analytics, machine learning, natural language processing are available.
Please visit http://www.icts-learninganalytics.com for more information.
Please visit http://www.icts-learninganalytics.com for more information.
This is a short term training programme. It is a part time certification program for 3 months with 50 hours/credits in Business Analytics.
Yes, this course includes machine learning and topics in natural language processing as well.
We are working towards improving our study material and will soon improve on that front.
No, currently no discounts are available.
You are welcome.
Each video lecture is of duration of 20 minutes to up to 1 hour long.
No, you can watch the video lectures at your own convenience during the course of the program.
Good morning
Good bye
Courses on business analytics, machine learning, natural language processing are available.
It is an online program that mimics classroom teaching using direct recording from classroom with an all time online support. It is a highly engaging program that bridges the gap between the classroom and online tutorials. Moreover live discussion sessions are available every weekend.
Faculty members having experience in teaching at IIT and IIM  will deliver over 90% of the lectures. Some lectures may be provided by Industry Speakers and Subject Matter Experts.
Yes, there will be assignments with each course and videos.
It is a part time certification program for 3 months with 50 hours/credits in Business Analytics.
This is a training programme for already working executives and students from engineering, science and management disciplines.